---
layout: post
title:  "Other Registers"
date:  2019-06-18 23:34:00 +0900
categories: [reversing]
---
## Segment Registers
A segment is a method to protect the memory by taking apart the parts of the memory and give'em a start address, area, and permission.  
Also, it's used with paging method to make virtual memory into the physical memory.  
Segment memories are described in the Segment Descriptor Table.  
And segment registers are pointing index of SDT.

There are 6 16bit registers in segment registers.
* CS, Code Segment
* SS, Stack Segment
* DS, Data Segment
* ES, Extra Segment
* FS, Data segment
* GS, Data segment

## Program Status and Control Register
It's also called 'EFLAGS', which is a 32-bit register.  
There are own meaning for each bit.  
And like the name, 'flag', 0 means off, 1 means on.  
It's hard to understand whole the meaning of 32-bit at the starter level, so the book recommends to understand the ZF, OF, and the CF which is necessary for application debugging.  

### Important Flags
* ZF, Zero Flag
	- the value changes to 1 when after the results of calculate operation is 0
* OF, Overflow Flag
	- the value changes to 1 when an overflow happens at a signed integer. Also when MSB(Most Significant Bit) changes
* CF, Carry Flag
	- same as OF, but for an unsigned integer

## Instruction Pointer Register
Its name is EIP, and it's a 32-bit register.  
It's pointing the address of an instruction that is currently executing.  
Unlike the other general purpose registers, it's not modifiable.  
Therefore, in order to change the value inside of this, you have to use assembly operations such as 'jmp' or 'ret', making interrupts, or making an exception.
