---
layout: post
title: "Review of Samsung SDS hackathon"
date: 2019-08-27 23:40:00 +0900
categories: [hackathon]
---

I passed the preliminaries as the additional passer.  
I know it's a bit late to write this today because it was held in the first week of August.
I don't have many things to say about this hackathon since I haven't got the prize, unlike the sunrin hackathon.  
I heard from my friend that the winner of this hackathon got the Samsung galaxy tab 5e.  
Anyway, what's important is not a prize, right? The most important thing is experience.

What our team designed to build was to make a smart grid system that is applicable to all the classes.  
We made a smart plug which is controlled by an Arduino's sensor, and also with the camera, we have designed the feature to detect human by the camera, with the object recognition artificial intelligence, YOLO.
However, it turned out that the wifi module that we've got was a defective product, which means we're not able to connect our Arduino with the backend API server, which I developed.

Because we were not able to demonstrate what we built, we were not allowed to go to the final round.  
One thing that I thought it's meaningful is that it was my first try to make a presentation on the hackathon.  
Honestly, I really wanted to make a presentation since I like to talk in front of the public.  
I have got complimented from my friends like "You did very well", and the moment that I made a presentation, is a moment that is a really unforgettable moment for me, for sure.

Anyway, I think it's time to focus on to study hacking since I haven't much studied about that.
