---
layout: post
title:  "Stack Frame - Function Prologue"
date:  2019-06-24 22:30:12 +0900
categories: [reversing]
---
You may remember about ESP and EBP, and how stack saves the data.  
ESP saves the position of the top of the stack, EBP saves the position of the base of the stack.  
And lastly, the way how the stack section saves the data is the LIFO.

So today, I'm gonna say about the stack section. And the book says that "By studying this, you'll be able to understand what stack frame is and how the stack frame works".

# So, what is it?
The stack frame is a technique which accesses to local variables, parameters, and the return address by using EBP instead of ESP.  

Therefore you have to know about things such as function prologue, and the function epilogue.

# Function Prologue
When a function is called, to save where to back when that function ends, you have to back up the address what to execute for next when the function ends.  
This is called the function prologue.
When a function starts, at the top of the function, there's something like this.
```
push ebp  
mov ebp, esp
```
To understand these commands, you have to think this as stacking another space on the memory that is only for another function.  
Firstly, back up the base address of the stack in order to restore when the function is ended.  
And secondly, set the current top position of the stack as the base to make an own area for that function.  
By this, the function has its own area to save its local variables.  
