---
layout: post
title:  "Reason why I study reverse engineering"
date:  2019-06-22 23:22:43 +0900
categories: [reversing]
---
Cuz I don't have much time for today, I'll write down here the reasons why I want to study reverse engineering, not other hacking technologies.

# Why do you study reverse engineering?
Since I started to use Android phones and install some custom ROMs in those devices, I always had a dream.  
"I want to make such that software so that I can truly play with my phone".  
Also, at the similar period, I read an article about that geohot hacked the ps3, and that also became my dream.  
"Hack a gaming console, do shits whatever I wanna do, such as running doom :D"
Time passed, now I'm going to high school that I wanted to go(I study about computer stuff there), and I found that reverse engineering is appropriate for what I want to do.  

# Wait, system programming and reverse engineering are a bit different!
Yeah, I know. Reverse engineering is not my final goal.  
I want to get deep computer science knowledge by studying reverse engineering, and I'll change my way to system programming, such as system calls in Linux.  
I want to work for Linux environments or embedded devices in the future, and I'm sure about experiences in studying reverse engineering can help me.

Because my English skills are not good, I wasn't able to short about what I wanted to say.  
Anyway, briefly, I'm studying reverse engineering to hack devices to do whatever I want to do on that device and to study the basics of computer science knowledge.  
Also, I'll study system programming in the future, and I believe my experiences in studying reverse engineering can help me.
